# GenerativeJournal
Winner at BUHackathon on Revamping the old and and Jevaa.AI track

## Idea
A new way to visualize journal entries

This project focuses on individual person's wellbeing. This web-app serves as a daily journal for a registered user. It represents a user's mood via images and color.

Frameworks Used: Python, Django, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap 5, JavaScript, Jupyter Notebooks, and some python modules.

# How to use:
- Type in a daily journal
- Receive back an image representation of your mood
- View your monthly mood consolidated on a calendar
- Image generation

The web-app uses sentimental analysis to gauge the emotions of a user's journal entry. It encourages users to keep track of their mood on a daily basis. Upon inputting a journal, an image generated by the mood of the user entry is sent back to the user to reflect their current state of mind. We also have a page that provides users with resources and tips to help them with their mental health. All of these datas are proceses on the backend with Python.

# Features we would like to add in the future:
- A rewards system
- A buddy system
- Social media sharing
- Recommendations based on your previous moods

# How to setup
1. Clone the directory using
```
git clone https://github.com/RyanBoomer30/BUHack2022.git
```
2. Download all the needed python libraries with pip
```
pip install -r "requirement.txt"
```
3. Run the Django app
```
python manage.py runserver
```
4. Reset the database (optional)
```
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```
Congradulations! You now have a raw version of the app
